Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
I have some things on my heart to talk to you about.
First off, I just want to say thank you for all the new faces that are here, that have subscribed and are part of this YouTube channel now.
God bless you all.
And to the ones that have stuck with me the whole time, God bless you all too.
Thank you, and we appreciate your support.
I had an email from one of my subscribers, and they said, 'Hey,' because I told you all in the last one that I believe the Antichrist is MBS.
Everybody's like, 'No, I don't believe it is.
' That's okay; we can agree to disagree.
Everybody has an opinion.
They're like, 'Well, does it line up with scripture and all this other stuff?
' It's what I saw when I went to the Tribulation with Jesus.
I told you I am not a Bible scholar; I am not a prideful person about this.
The Book of Revelation is very difficult for me.
You're reading it and there are so many symbolisms and, I'll be real with you, I feel like the people who say they really understand it don't understand it because I see new revelations from it.
They'll read it and they have a new word from the Lord about it, and I'm like, 'Okay, well, this is new,' and they're preaching something totally different.
Whatever.
I pray for God to give us all discernment and, as in Ephesians, that the eyes of our understanding would be enlightened.
We're going to understand it, I believe, the closer we get to the end.
God's going to open this up to us, and we're going to have a clear understanding of the Book of Revelation.
This is what the Lord showed me when I went to the Tribulation with him.
This happened on July 6th of 2014, and I can tell you this: I don't know if I was in my body or out of my body; all I know is this encounter changed my life forever.
Whenever the Lord showed me the Antichrist, I did not see his eyes.
I saw his facial features, his clothes, and the way he carried himself.
I saw him in meetings in Berlin.
I tried to tell you all he was in Berlin whenever everyone surrenders their kingdoms to him in one hour; he was in Berlin when this takes place.
He was at a big round table.
Whenever I was shown all this, he wasn't even in the news; now he's in the news all the time.
He creates a flag whenever he is ruling as the Antichrist over the world.
He pulls down everyone else's flags and there's only one flag for the whole world, and it's his flag.
This is what the flag looks like.
I had my son create this; this came right out of my spirit—everything I saw.
It was on every flagpole throughout the whole world.
These stars, I told everybody, represent the Five Pillars of Islam.
Every single one of them.
Now, would you read those?
Because I can't read them facing that way, son: faith, prayer, fasting, almsgiving, and pilgrimage.
That's the Five Pillars of Islam, and that's what those stars represent.
These were like palm leaves, which represented prosperity.
The swords represented, in the Islamic faith, strictness in applying justice.
That's what that meant, and that is what's on the Saudi Arabian flag.
This was over a globe, for the whole world was going to be controlled by the Antichrist.
It was a global system.
A lot of people say, 'Well, that looks like the UN flag.
' I don't know; this is just what the Lord showed me when I was in the Tribulation with him.
I thought it was interesting.
Then the green: he was honoring every single group.
This was, I believe, Hamas, Al-Qaeda, and ISIS.
I think that's interesting because it was honoring them because they called him the Mahdi.
The Mahdi—that's what everybody calls him.
I told everybody you're required to worship him on Fridays.
I was with the Lord Jesus standing there; we would translate and go from periods of time together.
The whole night this happened, I went with him and he showed me Fridays.
Everybody wears white; everyone's required to wear white and you have a mat and you worship at these sites.
I showed you down below one of the sites that you're required to worship at, and it was in that little town at that Masonic temple.
One of my viewers sent me a flag.
It gave me goosebumps.
This is the Afghanistan flag, the Northern Alliance, and it fell back in 2001 or 2002.
Don't quote me on that, but I believe that's whenever that alliance fell and was done away with, around the same time frame when the United States invaded Iraq.
Look at this, it's identical—almost identical.
The swords are doing the exact same thing.
I had no idea this flag existed.
One of my viewers sent this to me, and when I saw it I was like, 'Hey, they copied the flag that my son, Braden, made!
' I just thought, 'Wow.
' Then I kept looking.
I said, 'Buddy, that's totally different.
' Then, whenever we kept studying it, we were like, 'Look at this.
' The swords are a lot thinner than the swords that I was shown.
But even these little things like barley—it's like wheat or something with some kind of stuff wrapped around it.
And it says, 'There is no god but Allah' in Arabic.
It has the same colors, same everything.
He takes this flag, he just alters it a little bit, and he makes it into the Antichrist flag for the One World Government.
This is going to be on every courthouse in all of the world.
This is coming.
I'm telling you, the mark of the beast is a chip that creates a boil on your hand.
I saw it whenever I was in the Tribulation with the Lord.
People were trying to fake this little chip, and it's a lot like Neuralink.
Go Google Neuralink.
It messes with your brain.
When people get the chip, the mark of the beast, it creates an alternate personality.
It alters your personality.
It makes you calm; it sends out endorphins to your brain to make you calm.
I'm trying to warn you: this is coming.
I don't know if this chip exists yet, but it was very small.
Instantaneously, when you get this chip, your body reacts to it.
I try to warn you all that people will seek death and they will not be able to find it because when you try to do anything to harm yourself or anyone else, it sends a signal to your brain somehow and calms you down.
It makes it where you are like on dopamine, and they are like zombies—they're not there in their eyes.
I warned everybody that they will use drones by the thousands searching the whole area always to see if your chip communicates to the drones in the sky.
This will take place.
If you do not have a chip whenever they scan your body and you are basically without one, they send the authorities to come and find you.
The drone stays on you with all kinds of technology like infrared.
You can't run; you can't get away from it.
It hovers over and flies around and follows you the whole time until the authorities find you to give you the chip or you get your head cut off.
They don't even give you a chance; you either take the mark or you're done.
This is what I was shown, and I'm trying to warn you it's coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
The mark of the beast system is coming.
A lot of people say, 'What's the computer system?
' No, it's not a computer system.
He is an actual man.
The Antichrist is an actual man.
People say, 'Well, he can't be that way because it says the Antichrist is supposed to be homosexual.
' Well, maybe he's in the closet.
I have people tell me every once in a while, 'I was married for a certain amount of time, didn't know it, and my husband was in the closet gay and he left me.
' It happens.
So I'm not going to sit here and say, 'Well, he's married to a princess and he can't be.
' Well, maybe.
Like I said, I may have missed it on him, but I'm telling you he is going to be called the Mahdi.
I'm telling you, I was there.
When he got older, when he was on the 'abomination of desolation' and he was proclaiming he was God and the lightning was going on, I was standing there.
He had salt and pepper hair.
I could see the grayness, I could see the black on the sides, and I could see his big turban-looking thing on his head.
Noah was standing on his other side, and the Pope was standing on the other side.
People don't like that, but it's what I saw.
Praise God, President Trump is okay.
We prayed for him and we interceded and he's going to be okay.
Now, this is the next thing we need to pray for.
This is what's pressing: the Olympics.
I have a great caution about the Olympics and about the Aquatic Center and about the track for terrorist activities.
I'm trying to be very discreet on how I say things because I've been getting my videos flagged.
Last time I did it, they shut my mic off.
They mute me.
That's why I don't go live that often, because I'm just real open.
I just tell you exactly what the Lord's saying.
I have no fear.
I will tell you what Jesus is telling me to tell you, and I don't hold anything back.
I'll tell you what he's saying to warn you that he is coming and that you need to get ready and have your hearts ready before him because you will get left.
I believe in the Rapture of the church.
Jesus told me he's coming back for his bride and he will come back soon.
Back to this: I saw the Olympics.
I saw fire going all around—major fire from burning buildings from some kind of activity from some kind of groups.
I don't know who it is, but they were trying to harm people.
So we have to pray against this.
I believe we have power and authority together.
The Devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but the Bible says the Lord comes that we might have life and have it abundantly.
I believe God is an abundant God that wants us to live a good, full life and healthy—to live long and finish strong.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers.
We are seated with him.
We have authority to pray.
We can intercede and stop some of them.
The Olympics is something that's heavy on my heart.
It's coming in two weeks; we have time.
We prayed over Coachella.
Nothing happened, and I saw something major happening at that event.
The Lord said, 'Pray over Coachella,' and he gave me time and I interceded for that, and I believe we changed it.
Let's pray over the Olympics.
Let's pray for the people to be safe and that all hidden things be revealed.
Their intelligence agencies would catch up on any kind of activity.
Then we're praying over the train that's coming out of Germany.
It's a green train.
I saw an explosive device in the belly of a train, and the Lord said, 'You need to pray over this train.
' It was coming out of Germany going into Europe, the Paris area.
Then he told me to pray over the churches in America from mass shooters going into churches and harming people.
We have to stop that.
We have power and authority.
Go around your church or your place of worship and plead the blood of Jesus.
Walk the grounds and tell the devil, 'You have no right or authority over this area.
' Put a bloodline around that church and around schools.
Pray over your children; pray over your loved ones.
You have the legal right in the spirit realm to pray over things, and the Lord will protect them.
Praying over the woman—another attempt against President Trump that I have seen.
She is a blonde-headed woman and she has a French twist in her hair with a beautiful dress on, coming in a ball gown, pretending that she's dressed up for the event, and she tries to hurt him again.
We have to stop this stuff.
I pray to God that whoever is a part of Trump's team hears me.
After this last incident and them not stopping that dude on the roof after he took all those shots, I would hire some new security.
About the water—warning you all about the people putting stuff in the water down on the Gulf Coast.
I've warned you about that.
Very serious.
And the mass casualties from that.
I've warned you to pray against that from terrorist activity coming from the southern border bringing over poison to put in the water.
I saw Alabama all the way to Houston—everybody, you couldn't drink the water.
People were panicking and they were dying of thirst because there was not enough bottled water to give everybody, and everyone who was drinking the water was poisoned.
We have to pray against those things.
It hasn't been as strong on my heart as what I'm trying to warn you about Paris and the Olympics.
So let's just pray.
Father, I just thank you, Holy Spirit.
We yield ourselves to you today.
Satan, we take authority over you and we command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering against God's people.
We plead the blood of Jesus from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We come against you by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Father, I thank you that all hidden things be revealed concerning every single situation that I've mentioned today.
That the FBI, CIA, and Homeland Security would have alerts and exposure from any kind of terrorist activity.
I thank you, Father, that you give them supernatural wisdom—to their supervisors and their people.
We thank you, Father, that there's an uncovering of darkness in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you're coming quickly.
We thank you that we get the greatest harvest of souls.
We're calling in the harvest of souls right now.
We thank you, Lord, that you're sending laborers across the path of the people who are lost, that we would be bold in these last days, that we would be the salt of the earth and that the light of God would shine out of our eyes like fire.
Help us, Father, to be anointed for you.
Father, I thank you for supernatural finances for the people who are struggling today.
We pray for supernatural abundance over their houses.
For tithers and givers, you said in Malachi that you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
God, we trust you, we honor you, we glorify you.
We speak to drought—we speak to financial drought—and we command it to go now in the name of Jesus.
We call forth abundant supply that we don't just have enough barely to get by, but we have overflow to help those in need.
I thank you, Father, for healing right now.
I pray for every single person who is sick or hurting or afflicted.
I call them healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus.
Father, I thank you that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with your stripes we are healed.
That's Isaiah 53:5.
Lord, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we believe we receive that redemption by faith.
We thank you, Lord, that we're delivered from cancers and tumors and diabetes, heart disease, lung disease, emphysema, glaucoma.
There's nothing too big for you and nothing too small.
Father, I thank you for every marriage that's represented here—every single marriage that's broken.
We call restoration and deliverance over marriages today.
We call wayward children home in the name of Jesus.
The Bible says, 'Train up a child in the way they would go, and when they get older, they would not depart from it.
' We call all those children—the Bobbies, the Suzies, the Joes—we call them home right now.
Come home in the name of Jesus.
Come back to Jesus.
It's time for you to come home.
Satan, get your hand off our children!
They will serve the Lord.
We're calling in the lost.
We thank you, Father, for fresh fire, fresh anointing, fresh outpouring on every single person here today.
Father, I thank you that they're delivered from addicts—I thank you that they're delivered from addictions right now.
We call them set free from pornography, tobacco, and alcohol use and all kinds of demonic oppression.
We thank you, Lord, that they're filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit today.
We give you glory, honor, and praise.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
Worthy are you.
I feel his presence, y'all.
Holy Spirit, what do you need me to do?
I yield.
Fill them with the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Fill them in their homes right now, in their cars.
You're everything my soul desires.
You're the rock, you're the lifter of my head.
Without him, I would be dying; without him, how lost I would be.
Jesus, do you know him today?
Please don't turn him away.
My precious Jesus, without him, how lost I would be.
He inhabits the praises of his people.
'Make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
' So I do; I make a noise and I sing to him, and he comes and visits me.
People say, 'How do you hear the Lord the way you do?
' I make an atmosphere for him.
God's more real to me than you are.
He is my friend.
I want so desperately for you to know him.
Intimacy comes over time.
You develop a relationship with the Lord day by day.
It starts out small and you keep growing.
The Bible says, 'My sheep will know my voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' Stand on that scripture; claim that for yourself.
You have to want it.
How bad do you want it?
He's everything to me—more than air, more than your next meal.
How desperate are you for him?
If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will and it shall be done.
Have the word of God deep down inside of your heart and ask him.
Use scripture in prayer.
You do not need a prophetic voice; you have the Holy Spirit on the inside of you.
You have the ability to hear him for yourself.
It just takes practice and endurance.
I'm a work in progress.
I work this out every single day.
But whenever you start spending time with him, he'll become real to you and he'll start sharing the secret things.
I hope this blessed you.
God bless you all.
If you are here and you're brand new, please subscribe.
Like the video; it helps with the algorithm.
Comment down below something nice.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.